Oh, you are working with some bitcoin company! Great! Quite recently I decided to take bitcoin/blockchain as a key item in my SciFi novel - Lost Frozen. Here's how the story goes - Earthlings are faced with some energy crisis owing to prevailing acceptance of blockchain technology, which consumes a lot more energy beyond imagination.

Foreign aliens send signals and the signals are captured by Chinese astronaut, who had installed observatory base camp on the darker side of the Moon. The signals saved in the laptop computers of the astronaut are stolen by a group of Russian hackers, who found those sequence of signals are actually regarded as bitcoins. Suddenly a lot of bitcoins are appearing without any significant consumption of energy, and that's why international cops start investigating.

Alien side is somewhat worse. They are invisible and dark tiny dots, and barely observable through gravitational distortion. Chinese astronauts just know the existence with lots of bizarre phenomenon around that tiny dark area. Aliens are struggling to keep their entire civilization safety, because they are short of energy, too. Without significant help from outside, their civilization is in danger of frozen/forgotten status forever. They are desperate to find help from outside, and they found a dimming proof of existence of civilization in the planet Earth, and they want to test the capability level of Earth civilization, whether it's ready to help them, in meaningful way. That's why they were emitting numbers, bitcoin numbers.

For those aliens, solving bitcoin problems is quite easy and they can produce sufficient amount of bitcoins. 

In the end, the aliens get 'appropriate help' from Earthlings and set off a warp jump
to the next stop of their journey, and disappear all at once. Happy ending.

My novel needs lots of more details, in order to be written in a book format, and my current question is 'what kind of help can be given by Earthlings to solve their energy problem?'
